# MyCalculator
  An easy calculator which contains the four fundamental operations of arithmetic and some complex operations, it also have some conversion abilities,such as unit-conversion and binary-conversion.
  The four fundamental operations of arithmetic is simple to implement. I use stack to deal all the element of a string array, and converse the infix string to postfix string , and use stack to deal the postfix string in order to count the result.Before all the functions work, it is required to produce a function to converse the input string of stringbuffer, because if you use the static function of string ,such as stringbuffer.toString().charAt(i), it will produce a bad consequence. For example:the stringbuffer is "123+15*(20+3)/15", if you dont use a function made by yourself ,but stringbuffer.toString().charAt(i), it will be dealt as "1 2 3 + 1 5 * ( 2 0 + 3 ) / 1 5",and if you continuedly use stack to deal with the conversed infix string to postfix string , it will violate your original requirement. So the function to converse the infix string as "123 + 15 * ( 20 + 3 ) / 15" is demanded , if you do , the postfix will satisfy the requirement.
  The function is a little limited, for instance, user have to input a num brefore sin,cos,tan,redical sign , suqare ,cube and the n-th power of ten. Actually these are not in conformity with customary usag, i will update it after maybe, or maybe not.
  The funciton of conversions are also not perfectly, i fasten all the unit ， but all the units are mostly used in normal life. And the binary_conversion's units are alse fastened, it cantains binary code ,octonary code, decimal code and hex code.
  I hope if you can fix these imperfect funtions if you download this application.
  Thanks!
